Document the `.spec.deleteEnabled` field (#272)
kyma-project/docker-registry: docs/user/tutorials/01-30-remove-image-manifest.md

# Remove Image from Registry

> This tutorial shows how you can remove previously pushed image to the registry using the pure registry API or the skopeo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial shows how to remove a previously pushed image to the registry using the pure registry API or [skopeo](https://github.com/containers/skopeo).
```

## Prerequsities

* [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/)
* [Kyma CLI v3](https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/)

> * [skopeo](https://github.com/containers/skopeo/) (for skopeo scenario)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [skopeo](https://github.com/containers/skopeo/) (for the skopeo scenario)
```

> * [curl](https://curl.se/) (for registry API scenario)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [curl](https://curl.se/) (for the registry API scenario)
```

## Steps

> 1. Enable image manifests deletion functionality by changing the the **.spec.storage.deleteEnabled** flag to `true`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enable the image manifests deletion functionality by changing the **.spec.storage.deleteEnabled** flag to `true`:
```

```bash
kubectl apply -n kyma-system -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: operator.kyma-project.io/v1alpha1
kind: DockerRegistry
metadata:
    name: default
    namespace: kyma-system
spec:
    storage:
        deleteEnabled: true
EOF
```

> Once the DockerRegistry CR becomes `Ready`, you see a updated field **.status.deleteEnabled** with new value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the DockerRegistry CR becomes `Ready`, you see the updated **.status.deleteEnabled** field with a new value.
```

```yaml
...
status:
    deleteEnabled: true
```

> 2. Push image to the registry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Push the image to the registry:
```

```bash
kyma alpha registry image-import <IMAGE_NAME>:<IMAGE_TAG>
```

> 3. Port-forward the registry service in another terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Port-forward the registry service to another terminal:
```

```bash
kubectl port-forward -n kyma-system svc/dockerregistry 5000:5000
```

4. Export registry credentials:

```bash
export DR_USERNAME=$(kubectl get secret -n kyma-system dockerregistry-config -o jsonpath="{.data.username}" | base64 -d)
export DR_PASSWORD=$(kubectl get secret -n kyma-system dockerregistry-config -o jsonpath="{.data.password}" | base64 -d)
```

<!-- tabs:start -->

#### **Registry API**

> 5. Verify that image was pushed to the registry and exists with given tag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Verify that the image was pushed to the registry and exists with the given tag:
```

```bash
curl -u "$DR_USERNAME:$DR_PASSWORD" -sS localhost:5000/v2/<IMAGE_NAME>/tags/list
```

> 6. Get tag digest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Get the tag digest:
```

```bash
curl -u "$DR_USERNAME:$DR_PASSWORD" -o /dev/null -w '%header{Docker-Content-Digest}' -H 'Accept: application/vnd.docker.distribution.manifest.v2+json' -sS localhost:5000/v2/<IMAGE_NAME>/manifests/0.1
```

> 7. Remove tag using digest from previous step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Remove the tag using digest from the previous step:
```

```bash
curl -u "$DR_USERNAME:$DR_PASSWORD" -X DELETE localhost:5000/v2/dr/manifests/<DIGEST>
```

> #### **Skopeo**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### **skopeo**
```

> 5. Verify that image was pushed to the registry and exists with given tag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Verify that the image was pushed to the registry and exists with given tag:
```

```bash
skopeo list-tags --creds "$DR_USERNAME:$DR_PASSWORD" --tls-verify=false docker://localhost:5000/<IMAGE_NAME>
```

> 6. Remove tag using digest from previous step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Remove the tag using digest from previous step:
```
